Semantic Router uploaded project files (#8)
unifyai/demos: Unify/SemanticRouter/README.md

# Semantic Router
[Demo](https://github.com/ithanigaikumar/demos/assets/107815119/33ceff47-3495-44a9-aad7-c0a3ba3433a8)

<video width="640" height="480" controls>

>   <source src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/unifyai/demos/0be2009315c9a11347cf03d02c9dba394d7afd0e/videos/semanticroutervideo.mp4" type="video/mp4">

Reviewer: Hey @ithanigaikumar, the `src` here is not correct. Can you take a look at the instructions [here](https://github.com/unifyai/demos/blob/main/template/README_TEMPLATE.md?plain=1#L4-L10)? Here's an example.

Author: @hello-fri-end okay I've changed it is it correct now?

# Semantic Router

> [Demo](https://github.com/unifyai/demos/blob/0be2009315c9a11347cf03d02c9dba394d7afd0e/videos/semanticroutervideo.mp4)

Reviewer: You should drag the video from your local storage to the README. Doing so will generate a link that you should put here. Currently, the video isn't embedded into the README. Hope that makes sense :)

Author: @hello-fri-end Hi I've tried doing this but it says my file size is too big,even after compressing it?I am a bit confused by this step : /  I made a youtube video so i could put that in instead?

Reviewer: Oh, what's the duration & size in mb of the video you're trying to upload?

Author: @hello-fri-end it was 254,000MB and about 3 minutes long but i put it through the compressor about 3 more times and managed to get a link haha, please could you check if everything is okay to be merged now : )?

<video width="640" height="480" autoplay>
  <source src="../../../../_static/semanticroutervideo.mp4" type="video/mp4">
Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

## Introduction:

> This streamlit application dynamically routes user queries to the most appropriate model based on semantic similarity.User queries are sent to predefined routes of maths or coding or users have the option to create their own custom route. This optimizes output quality .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Streamit application dynamically routes user queries to the most appropriate model based on semantic similarity. User queries are sent to predefined routes of maths or coding or users have the option to create their own custom route. This optimizes output quality while minimizing the cost.
```
Can you elaborate this please?

## Repository and deployment
Access using the following URL: [https://semanticrouterchatbot.streamlit.app/](https://semanticrouterchatbot.streamlit.app/) or follow the sections below to get started.
Fork from this respository:[https://github.com/ithanigaikumar/SemanticRouter]
To set up the project, you will need to install several Python packages. You can do this using pip, Python's package installer. Execute the following commands in your terminal or command prompt to install the required packages.

**Install Required Packages:**
```
   pip install streamlit
   pip install -U semantic-router==0.0.34
   pip install unifyai
   pip install transformers
   pip install torch

```
Make sure that each command completes successfully before proceeding to the next step. If you encounter any issues during the installation process, check your Python and pip versions, and ensure your environment is configured correctly.

 **Launch the App :**

    
    streamlit run app.py

  
## Contributors

| Name                          | GitHub Username |
|-------------------------------|-----------------|
| Indiradharshini Thanigaikumar | ithanigaikumar  |

> | Jeyabalan Nadar               | jeyabalang      |

Reviewer: Can you convert the user-names to links?
